CHC believes in your right to privacy and data protection. We have created this privacy statement in conjunction with the CHC Web Privacy and Data Protection Policy with your needs in mind. 

The following topics address our information gathering abilities, our philosophy on handling personal data and our privacy practices. 

Data Collection and Registration
The site collects data through a feedback form that allows users to request information about CHC and its services. For this purpose we request and collect user's contact information. The form also allows a user to provide such other information as he or she may desire to provide. Information so collected is used solely for the purpose of responding to the request of the user. 

Use of the site may require registration in some areas where CHC deems it necessary to track user information. Registration may be required for proprietary information, marketing analysis, and/or lead generation. All personally identifiable information that is collected in the registration process will be housed on a database or databases and subject to applicable laws. Registered users will have the option to change permissions and opt-out of any and/or all communication. 

The site also provides a capability for users to submit their resumes to CHC via e-mail. Any resume so received by CHC will be held in confidence and used only for the purpose of considering the submitting party for employment or such other purpose as requested by the submitting party. Such information is not shared with third parties unless specifically requested or authorized by the submitting party. 

We may use user IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server and administer our Web site, to analyze trends, to track user movement and use, and to gather broad demographic information. Such data is not linked to any personally identifiable information. Personal information provided by the user may also be collected for the purposes of internal marketing research, user trend studies and site-wide improvements. Such data will not be shared with third parties and is used solely to improve our understanding of our audience. 

CHC may use cookies for the purpose of improving user experience and to facilitate the transfer of data between the site and the individual. 

Data submitted to the site may be transferred within CHC, including to subsidiaries and approved third parties strictly in order to fulfill or expedite a user's request. Data submitted to this site will not be shared or sold to any other outside parties, unless specifically requested by the user.

Retention of Personal Information
CHC will retain data submitted to the Web site for as long as it is needed to fulfill a user’s request, maintain records of interaction with users, and/or to facilitate and support the use of registration. 

Cookies
Periodically, the CHC team will collect non-personally identifiable information from people who visit the site. We do this by using cookies – a small piece of data that our site sends to a person's computer where it is stored. For example, CHC might use a cookie to identify a person interested in a service and the next time that person visits the site the previously viewed service will automatically populate the screen. 

The cookies that CHC uses are strictly for improving overall user experience and site performance. If people do not want to accept cookies, they can disable them by working with their settings in their browsers. 

Protection against Misuse of Personal Information
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Any CHC employee who may have access to such information is aware of the CHC Web Privacy and Data Protection Policy through direct notification and training. Access to such information is limited to those required to fulfill the applicable user request, and security procedures in place include password protection and, as appropriate, physical protection. 

Notification of Privacy Policy Changes
In the event of any changes by CHC of its CHC Web Privacy and Data Protection Policy that may impact the practices described on this Web site will be posted on this site. In no event will any such changes to this policy apply with respect to data previously collected through this site. 

Registered users will be notified of changes to the privacy statement if it effects the way their personal information is being handled.
